@ECHO off
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic register_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic login_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic list_files_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic shared_files_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic upload_files_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic setuploadpath_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic getUserDetails_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic makeDirectory_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic starFile_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic addMembers_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic groupShareFileUpload_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroupMembers_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroupFiles_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic saveDirectory_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic logout_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic insertShareDetails_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic creategroup_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroups_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic getUserDetails_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic login_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic register_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic logout_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic list_files_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic shared_files_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic upload_files_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic setuploadpath_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic getUserDetails_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic insertShareDetails_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic makeDirectory_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic saveDirectory_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic starFile_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic creategroup_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic addMembers_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic groupShareFileUpload_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroups_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroupFiles_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listGroupMembers_response


kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic createPost_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic createPost_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listPost_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic listPost_response

kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic fetchPost_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic fetchPost_response
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic deletePost_request
kafka-topics --create --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic deletePost_response


